.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd May 14, 2012               \" DATE 
.Os "Mac OS X" 10.7
.Dt CSSMIN 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm cssmin
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Runs the YUI CSS compressor
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Ar file
.Op Fl Fl charset Ao Ar charset Ac
.Op Fl Fl line-break Ao Ar column Ac
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a bash script that calls the YUI CSS compressor.  The file must have a .css extension, but you do not have to include the extension in the parameter.  It will create a new file that ends in .min.css instead of just .css (so
.Nm
style.css (or
.Nm
style) would minimize style.css into a file named style.min.css).  It will then output the size of the new file as a percentage of the size of the old file (using the
.Xr fsizecomp 1
bash script).  This uses the same compressor as the
.Xr jsmin 1
script.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
Parameters:
.Bl -tag -width "file" -compact  \" Begins a tagged list 
.It Ar file
The file to minimize (the file must have a .css extension, but the extension can be left off when typing in the command)
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
Flags:
.Bl -tag -width "--line-break <column>" -compact  \" Differs from above in tag removed 
.It Fl Fl charset Ao Ar charset Ac
Read the input file using
.Ao Ar charset Ac
.It Fl Fl line-break Ao Ar column Ac
Wrap the line after
.Ao Ar column Ac characters
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "~/Documents/Developer/scripts/bin    " -compact
.It Pa ~/Documents/Developer/scripts/bin
cssmin    The bash script
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr fsizecomp 1 ,
.Xr jsmin 1