.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd May 14, 2012               \" DATE 
.Os "Mac OS X" 10.7
.Dt JSMIN 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm jsmin
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Runs the YUI JavaScript compressor
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Ar file
.Op Fl Fl charset Ao Ar charset Ac
.Op Fl Fl line-break Ao Ar column Ac
.Op Fl Fl nomunge
.Op Fl Fl disable-optimizations
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a bash script that calls the YUI JavaScript compressor.  The file must have a .js extension, but you do not have to include the extension in the parameter.  It will create a new file that ends in .min.js instead of just .js (so
.Nm
lib.js (or
.Nm
lib) would minimize lib.js into a file named lib.min.js).  It will then output the size of the new file as a percentage of the size of the old file (using the
.Xr fsizecomp 1
bash script).  This uses the same compressor as the
.Xr cssmin 1
script.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
Parameters:
.Bl -tag -width "file" -compact  \" Begins a tagged list 
.It Ar file
The file to minimize (the file must have a .js extension, but the extension can be left off when typing in the command)
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
Flags:
.Bl -tag -width "--disable-optimizations" -compact  \" Differs from above in tag removed 
.It Fl Fl charset Ao Ar charset Ac
Read the input file using
.Ao Ar charset Ac
.It Fl Fl line-break Ao Ar column Ac
Wrap the line after
.Ao Ar column Ac characters
.It Fl Fl nomunge
Minify only, do not obfuscate
.It Fl Fl disable-optimizations
Disable all micro optimizations
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "~/Documents/Developer/scripts/bin    " -compact
.It Pa ~/Documents/Developer/scripts/bin
jsmin    The bash script
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr cssmin 1 ,
.Xr fsizecomp 1